Incorporate xkcd dependency meme into README (#15781)
etcd-io/etcd: README.md

See [etcdctl][etcdctl] for a simple command line client.

![etcd reliability is important](logos/etcd-xkcd-2347.png)

> Credits to Josh Berkus and xkcd.com/2347

Reviewer: We could use [subscript](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#styling-text) here for the footnote, might be a good idea to separate credit for creation vs alteration also?

```suggestion
<sub>Original image credited to  xkcd.com/2347, alterations by Josh Berkus.</sub>
```

Author: Awesome suggestion!
